1. Python Program for factorial of a number with and without recursion 
2. Python Program to check Armstrong Number 
3. Python program to print all Prime numbers in an Interval 
4. Python Program for Fibonacci numbers 
5. Python Program to find sum of array (using multiple approach) 
6. Python Program to find largest element in an array 
7. Python Program for array rotation 
8. Python Program for Reversal algorithm for array rotation 
9. Python Program to Split the array and add the first part to the end 
10. Python Program for Find reminder of array multiplication divided by n 
11. Python program to interchange first and last elements in a list 
12. Python program to swap two elements in a list 
13. Python program to remove Nth occurrence of the given word 
14. Python | Ways to find length of list 
15. Python | Ways to check if element exists in list 
16. Different ways to clear a list in Python 
17. Python | Reversing a List Python 
18. Cloning or Copying a list Python 
19. Count occurrences of an element in a list 
20. Python program to find sum of elements in list 
21. Python | Multiply all numbers in the list 
22. Python program to find smallest number in a list 
23. Python program to find largest number in a list 
24. Python program to find second largest number in a list 
25. Python program to print even numbers in a list 
26. Python program to print odd numbers in a List 
27. Python program to print all even numbers in a range 
28. Python program to print all odd numbers in a range 
29. Python program to count Even and Odd numbers in a List 
30. Python program to print positive numbers in a list 
31. Python program to print negative numbers in a list 
32. Python program to print all positive numbers in a range 
33. Python program to print all negative numbers in a range 
34. Python program to count positive and negative numbers in a list 
35. Remove multiple elements from a list in Python 
36. Python | Remove empty tuples from a list 
37. Python | Program to print duplicates from a list of integers 
38. Python program to find Cumulative sum of a list Break a list into chunks of size N in 
39. Python | Sort the values of first list using second list 
40. Python program to check if a string is palindrome or not Reverse words in a given String in 
41. Python Ways to remove i’th character from string 
42. Python | Check if a Substring is Present in a Given String Find length of a string in python (4 
ways) 
43. Python program to print even length words in a string 
44. Python | Program to accept the strings which contains all vowels 
45. Python | Count the Number of matching characters in a pair of string 
46. Python program to count number of vowels using sets in given string Remove all duplicates from 
a given string in Python 
47. Python | Program to check if a string contains any special character Generating random strings 
until a given string is generated Find words which are greater than given length k 
48. Python program for removing i-th character from a string 
49. Python program to split and join a string 
50. Python | Check if a given string is binary string or not 
51. Python | Find all close matches of input string from a list 
52. Python program to find uncommon words from two Strings 
53. Python | Swap commas and dots in a String 
54. Python | Permutation of a given string using inbuilt function 
55. Python | Check for URL in a String Execute a String of Code in 
56. Python String slicing in Python to rotate a string 
57. String slicing in Python to check if a string can become empty by recursive deletion 
58. Python Counter| Find all duplicate characters in string Dictionary Programs: 
59. Python | Sort Python Dictionaries by Key or Value Handling missing keys in 
60. Python dictionaries Python dictionary with keys having multiple inputs 
61. Python program to find the sum of all items in a dictionary 
62. Python | Ways to remove a key from dictionary Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in 
63. Python – Using itemgetter Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Python – Using lambda 
function 
64. Python | Merging two Dictionaries Program to create grade calculator in Python 
65. Python | Check order of character in string using OrderedDict( ) 
66. Python Counter to find the size of largest subset of anagram words 
67. Python | Remove all duplicates words from a given sentence 
68. Python Dictionary to find mirror characters in a string Counting the frequencies in a list using 
dictionary in Python 
69. Python | Convert a list of Tuples into Dictionary 
70. Python counter and dictionary intersection example (Make a string using deletion and 
rearrangement) 
71. Python dictionary, set and counter to check if frequencies can become same Scraping And 
Finding Ordered Words In A Dictionary using Python Possible Words using given characters in 
Python